NMS-13427: Create JDBCDetector documentation (#4943)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/detectors.adoc

You can configure them to allow complex detection to meet the needs of your environment.
For information on how to extend the functionality of these detectors, see the xref:development:development.adoc#development[Development section] to contribute to the project.

[[ref-detector-provisioning-common-parameters]]
== Common configuration parameters

Application- or device-specific detectors are based on a generic API that provides common configuration parameters.
These minimum configuration parameters are available in all detectors and describe the behavior for timeouts, retries, and so on.

.Optional common configuration parameters
[options="header"]
[cols="1,3,2"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default value

| ipMatch
| IP address to match.
Use filters to match single addresses or address ranges.
Substrings are matched by default (see note below this table for information on regular expression matching). +

> Note: ipMatch is a required parameter for xref:reference:provisioning/detectors/LoopDetector.adoc[LoopDetector].

Reviewer: The notes may not be needed here if the specific detector has information stating it is required.

Author: I'll go ahead and update this! The files you mentioned already have the appropriate disclaimers, so no updates will need to be made there. :)

Reviewer 2: Awesome. I forgot that!

|

> | retries
> | Number of times detector should try to connect to database. +
> Note: this is not included by default for xref:reference:provisioning/detectors/BsfDetector.adoc[BSFDetector].
> |

Author: ```suggestion
| retries
| Number of times detector should try to connect to database.
|
```

| serviceName
| A custom service name to identify the service.
|

> | timeout
> | Response time limit (in milliseconds). +
> Note: this is not included by default for xref:reference:provisioning/detectors/BsfDetector.adoc[BSFDetector].
> | 2000

Author: ```suggestion
| timeout
| Response time limit (in milliseconds).
| 2000
```

|===

> NOTE: If there is a `~` at the beginning of the parameter, the rest of the string will be used as a regular expression pattern match, otherwise the match will be a substring one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If there is a `~` at the beginning of a parameter's value, the rest of the string will be handled as a regular expression pattern match, otherwise it will be processed as a substring match.
```

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If there is a `~` at the beginning of a parameter's value, the rest of the string will be handled as a regular expression pattern match.
Otherwise it will be processed as a substring match.
```
